Add missing meta descriptions (#488)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/delete.txt

Delete Documents
================

.. meta::

>    :description: Learn how to remove documents from MongoDB collections using delete operations like `DeleteOne()` and `DeleteMany()`, with examples and options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to remove documents from collections with the deleteOne() and deleteMany() methods in the MongoDB Go Driver, with examples and options.
```
